README.md, before:

<!--
  All the project files are hosted at https://github.com/tonyzhang617/watonomous-challenge.
  This is a Markdown file. To view it properly, go to https://github.com/tonyzhang617/watonomous-challenge.
-->

# How to Get Up and Running
The source file `lane_line_finding.ipynb` is a Jupyter Notebook. You can use Enthought Canopy to view and run it. You should use Canopy with **Python 3.5** for your OS. [Download it here](https://store.enthought.com/downloads/).

# Required Packages
The OpenCV library is required for the notebook `lane_line_finding.ipynb`. Open the Canopy program:

**Open Package Manager on the Welcome page &rarr; Search for `opencv` &rarr; Install the `opencv` package**

Now you can double click the notebook file `lane_line_finding.ipynb` to open it. Canopy will open it as a Jupyter Notebook in your web browser.

# Viewing the Code
To view the notebook without running it, simply go to [this page]( https://github.com/tonyzhang617/watonomous-challenge/blob/master/lane_line_finding.ipynb).

# Screenshots
<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/tonyzhang617/watonomous-challenge/master/screenshots/notebook.png" width="600px" />
<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/tonyzhang617/watonomous-challenge/master/screenshots/result0.png" width="240px" />
<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/tonyzhang617/watonomous-challenge/master/screenshots/result1.png" width="240px" />
<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/tonyzhang617/watonomous-challenge/master/screenshots/result2.png" width="240px" />
<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/tonyzhang617/watonomous-challenge/master/screenshots/result3.png" width="240px" />
<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/tonyzhang617/watonomous-challenge/master/screenshots/result4.png" width="240px" />
<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/tonyzhang617/watonomous-challenge/master/screenshots/result5.png" width="240px" />

Commit message:

Add link to write-up

README.md, after:

<!--
  All the project files are hosted at https://github.com/tonyzhang617/watonomous-challenge.
  This is a Markdown file. To view it properly, go to https://github.com/tonyzhang617/watonomous-challenge.
-->

**This was a 30-hour challenge. To see the write-up for my thought process and findings, go [here](https://github.com/tonyzhang617/watonomous-challenge/blob/master/writeup.md).**

# How to Get Up and Running
The source file `lane_line_finding.ipynb` is a Jupyter Notebook. You can use Enthought Canopy to view and run it. You should use Canopy with **Python 3.5** for your OS. [Download it here](https://store.enthought.com/downloads/).

# Required Packages
The OpenCV library is required for the notebook `lane_line_finding.ipynb`. Open the Canopy program:

**Open Package Manager on the Welcome page &rarr; Search for `opencv` &rarr; Install the `opencv` package**

Now you can double click the notebook file `lane_line_finding.ipynb` to open it. Canopy will open it as a Jupyter Notebook in your web browser.

# Viewing the Code
To view the notebook without running it, simply go to [this page]( https://github.com/tonyzhang617/watonomous-challenge/blob/master/lane_line_finding.ipynb).

# Screenshots
<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/tonyzhang617/watonomous-challenge/master/screenshots/notebook.png" width="600px" />
<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/tonyzhang617/watonomous-challenge/master/screenshots/result0.png" width="240px" />
<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/tonyzhang617/watonomous-challenge/master/screenshots/result1.png" width="240px" />
<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/tonyzhang617/watonomous-challenge/master/screenshots/result2.png" width="240px" />
<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/tonyzhang617/watonomous-challenge/master/screenshots/result3.png" width="240px" />
<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/tonyzhang617/watonomous-challenge/master/screenshots/result4.png" width="240px" />
<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/tonyzhang617/watonomous-challenge/master/screenshots/result5.png" width="240px" />
